 This recording is from the British Council.
 Hello, you ease.
 Hello.
 Would you like to tell us about marathon running?
 Because I know that you've started running marathon recently.
 Could you tell us a little bit about that, please?
 Well, yes, I started to run like, I think like 14 or 15 years ago when I quit smoking.
 At the beginning, I should run like a kilometer or two, a little by little,
 because I didn't have any ambition of desire to run much.
 It was too little bit of exercise to help my quitting of smoking.
 But a little by little, I started to like it.
 I started to run a little bit more time, do more kilometers.
 And the thing that the big change became when I bought a watch,
 this kind of watches with that measure the distance and the speed.
 After that, you try to get better, to do more kilometers, to do more time and so on.
 Until I reached a form that allowed me to do a half marathon.
 This was my first race.
 It was a half marathon.
 And I saw that I could do a half marathon and then, you know,
 a little by little, I thought that why not to try a marathon.
 And that was two years ago that I did my first marathon.
 It was from Girona to Costa Brava.
 And have you done any more marathon since the first one?
 Yeah, last this year I did the Barcelona marathon,
 which when the beginning quite well, because I did my best time for half marathon,
 which was like an hour and forty minutes.
 And I did in the Barcelona marathon an hour and thirty-one minutes,
 which is quite good for many of my age, which I am forty-eight.
 And, you know, it's, I'm not a professional runner or anything like it,
 so quite a good time for me, I think.
 But then, at the end, you know, it was a very hot day.
 Maybe I'd 18-drung it off, or something that,
 at the kilometer forty, when it was only two kilometers left,
 I felt dizzy, and you know, so I'm like,
 I find myself on the ground that just, you know,
 my legs were weakened, you know, it felt down.
 And, you know, they had to help me out and send me on a chair,
 they brought me some water and some food and, you know,
 so at the end of the time it wasn't so good.
 But you did finish the marathon?
 Yes, I did finish the marathon, but not with the time that I wanted to do,
 which was three hours and fifteen, so it was three hours and thirty-five minutes,
 which is not the twenty minutes more that I wanted to do,
 but it was still, you know, it was still alright.
 Okay, well congratulations, thanks for telling us about it.
 This recording is from the British Council.
 To find more activities to practice your English,
 visit www.britishcouncil.org forward slash Learn English.